on your feet
senior chief john kelly
is more dangerous and effective
than any man we have in the field
[Music]
the only thing he has more than kills
are medals
somebody would like to talk to you john
if you're done in there
we need you to get back in the field
senior chief kelly it appears you have a
common enemy with the united states
they took everything from me
my family i got nothing left
their plan is a series of strategic
attacks all over the world
we have to respond i need to be on that
team lieutenant commander greer
you lead the mission i'm leaving out the
playing field cia doesn't support any
further investigation into your wife's
murder
battlefield he had no right to take so
much from me
[Music]
this is a gold mission
what's
[Music]
now
no remorse cause i'm
[Music]
you